How to do Multiple Gateways
===========================
October 27, 2001

First, there is this information from the CHANGES.txt file:

==== 

You may now change settings other than the "primary" gateway by invoking
the manager's gateway settings screen with the gateway= parameter using a
URL such as:

 .../protected/manager.cgi?gateway_screen=yes&gateway=PayPal

(where ... is the rest of the path to your manager's protected directory.)

If you have previously written custom gateway code then you probably
should add the hidden field "gateway" to both the order form and the
gateway settings update screen form.

To enable secondary payment gateways:  see the "combo" sample order form
in the html/main directory, and make the HTML you develop follow that
format.  It is OK to use image buttons here if you know how.  The order
form of your "primary" gateway is the default order form loaded, put your
"combo" order form HTML code there.  Then place your secondary gateway
"order" lib file(s) in the store/custom directory so they will be auto-
loaded.

====

Make sure you turn on multiple gateways in the manager.

At this point, it might be easier to NOT make the 'main' order form a
combo form.  Try just leaving the standard order forms alone, then have
the 'order form' links throughout the store go to a link like this:

http://.../store/agora.cgi?order_form_button=1&ofn=combosample

and let the combosample (or whatever) form make the decision.  It turns
out that the three gateways on the combosample form take the same fields
to do their work, so that form will just make agora send the info to the
correct gateway.  This is NOT true of all multi gateway setups, for
example Offline for checks and PayPal for CC are two totally different
setups.  In that case the first 'order' form cannot be an order form,
instead it must be a page containing buttons to set the order_form
variable to display the desired order form.

Another thing you can do if you do not want to change all the codings is
to tell agora to load your combo choice form if no specific gateway is
found in the submited order form.  Put this perl code in the 'free form
logic' portion of the manager:

  &add_codehook("order_form_entry","x_force_check");
  sub x_force_check {
   if ($form_data{'order_form'} eq "") {
     $form_data{'order_form'} = 'combosample';
    }
   }

In the combosample (change the name to whatever you like of course as long
as the code above and the file in the html/main directory match up) you
can set the buttons to be called order_form with a value of the gateway,
or have the buttons be 'href'-ed to things of the form:

http://.../store/agora.cgi?order_form_button=1&ofn=<mygatewayname>

FYI: The ofn= and order_form= both do the same thing, ofn= is the short 
form (and overrides order_form= if, for some reason, both are specified.)
