Using the UPS part of the Ship By Weight (SBW) module
=====================================================
Last updated Oct 5, 2001
Steve Kneizys

The major settings for the UPS module are contained on the screen "Program
Settings" in the store manager.  Once the settings there are done, you may
begin using the module.  Because this module contacts UPS over the
Internet, there is (hopefully!) no need to update tables or perl for new
features or rate charts.  To customize the order form for other UPS
products, you simply add or change the ones provided to correspond to the
products you desire to offer. 

For example, to create a radio button that is called "Real FAST" and is
actually next day service, you could install a button as such: 

    <input TYPE="radio" NAME="Ecom_ShipTo_Method"
     VALUE="UPS Real FAST (1DA)" >Real FAST 

The text at the end, "Real FAST", is what is displayed on the screen.  On
the confirmation emails and order log, what is shown is the actual value
of the button, in this case "UPS Real FAST (1DA)".  The product code for
UPS is in parentheses, in this case 1DA.  Earlier versions did not require
UPS to be the first part of the name in the VALUE= part, but with the
addition of USPS and FEDEX to the SBW module that has changed. 

This syntax allows you great flexibility in defining your options
as well using any products that UPS offers.

The box packing algorithm included is very simple.  It takes each item, as
found in order on the shopping cart, and tries to add it to the current
box.  If adding that item will exceed the maximum weight set in the store
manager, then the current box is closed and that item is added to a new
box.  Once a box is 'closed' the software does not reopen it.  This means
it is possible for an item to be an 'orphan' at the end that could have
easily been fit into a previous box.  If it is desired to place each item
in it's own box, that is accomplished by settion the max weight per box to
zero. 

If you have options that affect the shipping, whether using the UPS module
or using the "shipping" field in the standard way, in agora.cgi it is
possible to program this into the options file.  Historically an option's
value fields were "name|price", but agora uses "name|price|shipping".  The 
option is assumed to not change the shipping if this field is not included.

Here is a list of known Product Codes for UPS: 

       1DM           Next Day Air Early AM
       1DML          Next Day Air Early AM Letter
       1DA           Next Day Air
       1DAL          Next Day Air Letter
       1DP           Next Day Air Saver
       1DPL          Next Day Air Saver Letter
       2DM           2nd Day Air A.M.
       2DA           2nd Day Air
       2DML          2nd Day Air A.M. Letter
       2DAL          2nd Day Air Letter
       3DS           3 Day Select
       GNDCOM        Ground Commercial
       GNDRES        Ground Residential
       XPR           Worldwide Express
       XDM           Worldwide Express Plus
       XPRL          Worldwide Express Letter
       XDML          Worldwide Express Plus Letter
       XPD           Worldwide Expedited

Note:  These codes have changed over time, but GNDCOM and GNDRES are 
supported by the shipping library for backwards compatability.  Other 
codes may be found/verified by using the documentation at the UPS site.
